feat: initial implementation (#1)
moxystudio/next-layout: README.md

[codecov-image]:https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/moxystudio/next-layout/master.svg
[david-dm-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/next-layout
[david-dm-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/moxystudio/next-layout.svg
[david-dm-dev-url]:https://david-dm.org/moxystudio/next-layout?type=dev
[david-dm-dev-image]:https://img.shields.io/david/dev/moxystudio/next-layout.svg

Add persistent layouts to your Next.js projects in a declarative way.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install @moxy/next-layout
```

This library is written in modern JavaScript and is published in both CommonJS and ES module transpiled variants. If you target older browsers please make sure to transpile accordingly.

## Motivation

Next.js projects usually have the need to have one or more layouts. Layouts are the "shell" of your app and usually contain navigation elements, such as an header and a footer. In the ideal scenario, each page would be able to say which layout they want to use, including tweaking its properties dynamically, such as `variant="light"`. However, we also want to keep the layout persistent in the React tree, to avoid having to remount it every time a user navigate between pages.

> Historically, projects overlook the need of multiple layouts or the ability to change layout props between pages. They start off with a simple layout and only later they handle this need, often with poor and non-scalable solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Historically, projects have been overlooking the need of multiple layouts or the ability to change layout props between pages. They start off with a simple layout and only later they handle this need, often with poor and non-scalable solutions.
```
